ServiceLB Reword (#93)
k3s-io/docs: docs/networking/networking.md

### Controlling ServiceLB Node Selection

> In order for ServiceLB to assign nodes to pools, nodes must have the following label:

Reviewer: We still need the prior language explaining that adding the `enablelb` annotation to any node disables it on any unlabeled nodes. We just need to add a bit about `lbpool` also requiring `enablelb` on any pooled nodes.

> In order for ServiceLB to assign nodes to pools, nodes must have the following label:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exclude nodes from being used by ServiceLB, add the following label to the nodes that should host ServiceLB Pods. Nodes that remain unlabeled will not be used for ServiceLB.
```

```
svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb
```

> To select a particular subset of nodes to host pods for a LoadBalancer, set matching label values on the Nodes and Service. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select a particular subset of nodes to host pods for a LoadBalancer, add the `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb` label to the desired nodes, and set matching label values on the Nodes and Services. For example:
```

> 1. Label Node A and Node B with `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool1`
> 2. Label Node C and Node D with `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Label Node A and Node B with `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool1` and `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb=true`
2. Label Node C and Node D with `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool2` and `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb=true`
```
